Binning tutorial update (#6486)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/microbiome/tutorials/metagenomics-binning/metabet2_version.md

> ## MetaBAT 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Binning using MetaBAT 2
```

- *Compatibility*: MetaBAT outputs MAGs in standard formats that can be easily integrated into downstream analyses and tools, such as taxonomic annotation and functional prediction.

###  Bin contigs using MetaBAT 2

> <hands-on-title> Calculate contig depths </hands-on-title>
>
> 1. {% tool [Calculate contig depths](toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/iuc/metabat2_jgi_summarize_bam_contig_depths/metabat2_jgi_summarize_bam_contig_depths/2.17+galaxy0) %} with the following parameters:
>    - *"Mode to process BAM files"*: `One by one`
>        - {% icon param-file %} *"Sorted bam files"*: output of **Samtools sort** {% icon tool %}
>        - *"Select a reference genome?"*: `No`
>
>    > <comment-title> Why not use bam directly </comment-title>
>    >
>    > MetaBAT only accepts per-contig depth tables because that is the specific input format its binning algorithm requires.
>    > BAM files contain read-level alignment data.
>    > MetaBAT needs summarized, contig-level coverage statistics. This is also the case for MaxBin2.
>    {: .comment}
>
{: .hands_on}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can now launch the proper binning with MetaBAT 2
```

> <hands-on-title>Individual binning of short-reads with MetaBAT 2</hands-on-title>
> 1.  {% tool [MetaBAT 2](toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/iuc/metabat2/metabat2/2.17+galaxy0) %} with parameters:
>     - *"Fasta file containing contigs"*: `Contigs`
>     - In **Advanced options**, keep all as **default**.
>     - In **Output options:**
>       - *"Save cluster memberships as a matrix format?"*: `"Yes"`
>
{: .hands_on}

> The output files generated by MetaBAT 2 include (some of the files below are optional and not produced unless it is required by the user):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetaBAT 2 generates several output files during its execution, some of which are optional and only produced when explicitly requested by the user. These files include:
```
